Update index.rst (#4074)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/index.rst

JupyterHub
==========

> `JupyterHub`_ is the best way to serve `Jupyter notebook`_ for multiple users. Because of it's distributed nature,

Author: @minrk I have made the suggested changes. Could you please review it again?

> `JupyterHub`_ is the best way to serve `Jupyter notebook`_ for multiple users. The distributed Jupyter Notebook environment allows 

Reviewer: Can we still remove this clause? I don't think the text before `it` on the next line is clarifying (or accurate).
Maybe: "Because JupyterHub manages a separate Jupyter environment for each user, it can be used..."

research group. It is a multi-user **Hub** that spawns, manages, and proxies multiple
instances of the single-user `Jupyter notebook`_ server.

JupyterHub offers distributions for different use cases. Be sure to
take a look at them before continuing with the configuration of the broad
original system of `JupyterHub`_. As of now, you can find two main cases:

1. `The Littlest JupyterHub <https://github.com/jupyterhub/the-littlest-jupyterhub>`__ distribution is suitable if you need a small number of users (0-100) and a single server with a simple environment.
2. `Zero to JupyterHub with Kubernetes <https://github.com/jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s>`__ allows you to deploy dynamic servers on the cloud if you need even more users.

Four subsystems make up JupyterHub:

* a **Hub** (tornado process) that is the heart of JupyterHub
* a **configurable HTTP proxy** (node-http-proxy) that receives the requests from the client's browser
* multiple **single-user Jupyter notebook servers** (Python/IPython/tornado) that are monitored by Spawners
* an **authentication class** that manages how users can access the system

> Besides these central pieces, you can add optional configurations through a `config.py` file and manage users' kernels through admin panel. A simplification of the whole system can be seen in the figure below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides these central pieces, you can add optional configurations through a `config.py` file and manage users' environments through an admin panel. A simplification of the whole system can be seen in the figure below:
```
